[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/wandb/weave/weave-js/src/components/Panel2/PanelEachColumn.tsx)

The `weave` project contains a file that exports a React component called `PanelEachColumn` and a configuration component called `PanelEachColumnConfigComp`. The `PanelEachColumn` component is a panel that displays a child panel for each column of a table. The component takes in a `PanelEachColumnProps` object that contains a `config` object and an `input` object. The `config` object contains a `layoutMode` property that can be either `'absolute'` or `'flow'`, a `pbLayoutConfig` property that is an optional `PanelBankSectionConfig` object, and a `render` property that is a `ChildPanelConfig` object. The `input` object is an object that contains a `type` property that is a `Type` object.

The `PanelEachColumn` component first extracts the column types from the `input` object using the `tableColumnTypes` function. It then creates a child panel for each column using the `ChildPanel` component. The `ChildPanel` component takes in a `config` object and an `updateConfig` function. The `config` object is the `render` property of the `PanelEachColumnProps` object. The `updateConfig` function is used to update the `render` property of the `config` object. The `ChildPanel` component is wrapped in a `PanelContextProvider` component that provides the child panel with a `newVars` object that contains a `columnName` property and a `column` property. The `columnName` property is a `constString` node that contains the name of the column. The `column` property is an `opPick` node that extracts the column from the `input` object using the `columnName` property.

The `PanelEachColumn` component also contains a search bar that allows the user to filter the columns by name. The search bar is implemented using the `WeaveExpression` component. The `WeaveExpression` component takes in an `expr` object and a `setExpression` function. The `expr` object is a `NodeOrVoidNode` object that contains the search string. The `setExpression` function is used to update the `expr` object.

The `PanelEachColumnConfigComp` component is a configuration component that allows the user to configure the `PanelEachColumn` component. The component takes in a `PanelEachColumnProps` object that contains a `config` object and an `input` object. The `config` object is the `config` property of the `PanelEachColumnProps` object. The `input` object is the `input` property of the `PanelEachColumnProps` object. The component contains a `VariableView` component that displays the `newVars` object that is passed to the `PanelContextProvider` component. The component also contains a `ChildPanelConfigComp` component that allows the user to configure the child panel. The `ChildPanelConfigComp` component takes in a `pathEl` property that is a string that specifies the path to the `render` property of the `config` object, a `config` object that is the `render` property of the `config` object, an `updateConfig` function that is used to update the `render` property of the `config` object, and an `updateConfig2` function that is used to update the `config` object.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `PanelEachColumn` component?
- The `PanelEachColumn` component is used to render a child panel for each column in a table input.

2. What is the `PanelEachColumnConfig` interface used for?
- The `PanelEachColumnConfig` interface is used to define the configuration options for the `PanelEachColumn` component, including the layout mode and the child panel configuration.

3. What is the purpose of the `usePbLayoutConfig` hook?
- The `usePbLayoutConfig` hook is used to manage the configuration options for the layout of the child panels in the `PanelEachColumn` component, based on the rendered panel keys and the current configuration.